we're guys serve so we just came back
for my sneak peek as you can see here I
have 36 promotional cards if you guys
want to check my link in the downbar
yeah PM me for offers actually no don't
PM you straight away I wait for a trade
binder probably yeah this stuff on war
night it gives a trade and eventually
i'll post a binder on my personal
channel you guys control try to I poco
and I he traded me one of these Andrey
spanner as well he's a parody a broken
back broken man is so loud as
unbelievable we had a check on profile
link in the bottom they also got to my
local sneak peek as well tomorrow would
or today were worth her time you're
watching this thing so yeah they'll
probably be there as well yeah we're
super gay this time around yet to make
full II a full car deck to play with and
yeah you only got like five packs so
that was like what 46 cards so basically
we have to choose five cards not to put
the deck then yeah anyway I'm gonna
quickly show you the depth of her around
it went okay I kind of flopped on my
last round I scooped when I should have
scooped yeah joe I scooped and I picked
on my cars in the next car was sunk
totally epic that could have got me back
in the game and then I won the next
match then the third man she owned me so
if i won the first match second match of
mine anyway but we'll see yeah that was
the main decadent these are the really
good cards this guy I don't exaggerate
he searches out the Jennings monsters
pretty cool this one when it's destroyed
while he plays up that you could special
to tuna plants from your deck which is
also again pretty awesome Manju dog I
played him every every game he just
helped obviously I played one promo card
the Boggart and because I've got to two
of the sabres the common ones and we
just normal best with no someone here
with special on you know on this card oh
my god is so epic if you get this card
all you need is like I don't know where
is the ex aber where is it x Ava doesn't
be get the shrub about we need is him
and of
seemed to have lost it I can't find it
yeah we needed him and set him first and
then level 4 which is why this was my
tech cart it made it ova hard this
figure is so broken no one could seem to
get over it and there's a lot of plants
in the depths in the in this set so he
could use its effect to half it an
attack again and yeah he's just so good
i also got infinitely barrier this was
the first pour I got in the pack it was
pretty awesome someone offered me fully
pound for if I said no so I want to keep
it and hopefully I can get another one
I'll go cards offending it Barry
actually it was rubbish today but
obviously it was a sneak peek yeah this
is good cause like cause this bed i
rightly treasure something is 16
defenses or pretty awesome and this is
good if you got high level month if you
manage to pull the high level muscles
here is this is the first this Weeden
Winsett first turn to get the plant one
out which is pretty awesome this is good
because there's a field card that allows
you to remove from play light monsters
from your graveyard to gain life points
when it's destroyed but also about that
so this was good just to remove them
before they get it's the great herb
before they can add spada effects and
stuff i'm only got one watt monster or
in lekha months away everyone to call
him this guy was pretty cool he attacked
twice so does 2000 this guy this guy is
good you tripping him to give him 50
almost 1500 so play him if you're making
this bit and this guy's 2000 defense
which is pretty awesome when he would
run to yeah just 2,000 this guy's pretty
good as well at least 70 beer and I was
lucky enough to get the synchro so this
was also pretty awesome as well worst
about it I've got some other shear is a
lot these two and then this is the stuff
that these it basically these is the
cause that didn't go into my deck and
see how these this was my back I've
dropped laughter when to nil I lost my
first game I won the next two like I
said the third game was really really
close so from the first game I just
scooped to earlier which is kind of gay
yeah that's pretty much it I don't want
to make this any longer cuz i'm actually
quite tired as stupidly late o'clock in
the morning yeah check my links in sight
in the down bar and check I pokemon I
and Reese pana check them out go
subscribe to their channels they will
pretty awesome guys they will do trade
binders and everything so go trade with
them they'll more than likely have some
new stuff as well yeah that's pretty
much it guys so please